[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> JAY WEIDNER: Hey, Jason.
Thanks for joining us.
>> JASON RICE: Thank
you, Jay, for having me.
>> JAY: Let's get to
the 1991 agreement.
>> RICE: Sure.
>> JAY: What is that?
>> RICE: The 1991 agreement has
to do with an arrangement made
between the Cabal and what is
now referred to as the Mars
Germans, since they moved
pretty much the bulk
of their civilization out
of Antarctica to Mars.
And so what it revolves
around is, the late '80s,
the Cabal was looking to
establish their own lunar
operations command,
their own moon base.
And they ran up against
the same problem
the Germans had years before.
It's all spoken for.
So they've got to bribe,
pay, or arrange somebody else
to give up property.
And so the Germans, having
their established base there,
already had a place
that was workable.
And so the 1991 agreement
between the Cabal and the Mars
Germans has to do with the
Cabal taking over the lunar base
that the Germans occupied.
>> JAY: Wow.
>> RICE: The terms of their
lease with the Draco were that
they were required to have
a 100-year lease and that
payments for those were
already taken care of.
So the Cabal didn't
have to pay for it,
but the Germans did have
to find a new tenant.
They had moved out of that base.
They wanted to be
away from the Draco.
So with another
technology transfer,
they got some more land
where they wanted away
from the Draco.
>> JAY: On the moon?
>> RICE: On the moon.
>> JAY: OK.
>> RICE: And so the terms of
getting out of that lease is
they had to find a new tenant.
So at the end of the
'80s was around the time
that Operation Solar
Warden was in full swing
and they really needed
a base on the moon.
And so they worked out with the
Antarctic Germans an exchange,
again, for taking
over the property.
This time, the exchange
was for the Cabal
to provide two divisions, or the
equivalent of 24,000 soldiers,
for use where and when
the Antarctic Mars
Germans needed them.
In order for the Mars Germans
to get out of their lunar base
with the Draco, in addition
to finding another tenant,
they had to provide 10 of
their 12 carrier battle groups
to the use of the Draco where
and when as they needed.
They weren't going
to destroy them,
but the Draco
wanted to use them.
And whenever they asked what
they were going to be used for,
they told them border patrol.
The agreement between the
Cabal and the Mars Germans
included the use of the
Lunar Operations Command
in exchange for 24,000 soldiers.
And that is what
constituted the beginnings
of the Interplanetary
Defense and Reaction Forces.
There are a total of four
divisions of ground troops
in that program.
Two divisions are
wholly and completely
manned by Mars Germans.
There are no other
soldiers in it.
Two divisions are mixed and they
include soldiers from Earth.
>> JAY: What year did you
finally get into IDARF?
>> RICE: Started training
for IDARF in 1994.
>> JAY: 1994.
>> RICE: One of the first.
>> JAY: One of the first.
Tell me exactly what you did
for this organization, IDARF.
>> RICE: Sure.
Well, the way that IDARF is
arranged, the organization,
is that any officer
rank 05 and above,
which is lieutenant colonel
and up through the colonel
and generals, are specifically
and only Mars Germans.
They did not allow any
other citizen or soldier
to be above the rank of major.
So what I did was, along with
the other Earth soldiers,
is that we filled out
the ranks, basically.
They were enlisted.
They were officers.
Being an officer, I was required
to be in charge of a platoon,
later on as a company XO,
as a company commander,
as a battalion staff officer,
as a battalion executive
officer when I was a major,
as a regimental staff officer,
and then eventually
back into the training
regiment as a company commander
and as a staff officer.
>> JAY: Taking orders
from the Germans?
>> RICE: Taking orders
from the Germans.
>> JAY: How did you get
along with the Germans?
>> RICE: I get along
with just about anybody.
Dealing with the
German chain of command
was challenging
in and of itself,
make no mistake about that,
because I was from Earth.
I was already, in their
eyes, handicapped.
And so anything and
everything that they
wanted to blame on Earth
soldiers, be it officer
or enlisted, they did.
And they were petty or
some of them were very--
buried animosities
that came out, again,
because of their extreme
dislike of the Cabal.
And so we were the
next extension of that.
>> JAY: So why did the Germans
allow the Cabal and the others,
United States, to form a
separate secret space program?
Why didn't they just wipe it
out before it got started?
>> RICE: That's a great question
and I've wondered that myself.
And when I had asked
Johann about that,
his answer was that they needed
the production capabilities
of this planet because they
didn't have an equivalent
manufacturing capability.
And also, they didn't have the
wide range of R&D available.
And so having co-opted all the
corporations on this planet,
that they had that vast resource
that was available to them.
>> JAY: You keep
bringing up the Draco.
Why should we be
concerned about them?
>> RICE: The Draco are a
group of alien entities.
They're highly psychic.
They are several hundred
thousand years more
advanced than we are.
And they're are also very,
very, very negative entities.
Their mission, if you will,
is conquering, controlling,
dominating.
That is what they--
that's their MO.
And so being able to conquer,
dominate, and control the Earth
has been one of the
goals that they've had.
And so by using their
proxies, either willingly
or unwillingly, they've
been able to try and further
that particular agenda.
>> JAY: So the Draco
have been around,
hanging with us for a while.
>> RICE: They've been
around for quite a while.
They're extremely frightening.
And part of the
training I went through
included a number of
what would be considered
really scary aliens,
as far as preparing
the soldiers for
battling and countering,
fighting, communicating.
So yes.
>> JAY: Why don't the Draco
just come in and conquer Earth?
Why do they do it--
use such subterfuge to rule us?
>> RICE: That's
a great question.
And it ties in also
with, why didn't they
go and dig up this ancient
technology themselves?
They're signatories to a number
of intergalactic treaties
that prevents them from
interfacing, interacting,
or tampering with indigenous
populations or their planet.
Now, does it mean
they follow that?
No, it doesn't.
They found loopholes
or ways around it.
And the way that
they've been able to do
that most effectively
here has been
through their human
proxies and being
able to control and manipulate
and do whatever it is
that they needed to have done.
And for the Draco, they
needed these fleets
of ships and the ground soldiers
that came with them, the IDARF,
because for one thing, the
human shape and pattern tends
to be a common blueprint.
And so we look a lot more like
the other planetary inhabitants
than they do.
And so the other thing
is that why would
they want to kill off
their own soldiers when
they've got proxies that are
willing to do it for them?
>> JAY: You're trained
here on Earth for a while,
then you went to the
moon and trained,
and then you went
to Mars and trained.
>> RICE: That's correct.
>> JAY: So what was your
training like on the moon?
>> RICE: The moon training
revolved around getting us
oriented to
shipboard operations.
Even though we were technically
just catching a ride
from the canners,
we still needed
to know the emergency
procedures, evacuation
procedures, what was the
water lines versus power,
areas that we shouldn't
go in and around,
emergency evacuations,
firefighting,
all the different things
that, as a visitor on board
of a not so safe all
the time spaceship,
you need to know what and
where and how to go about doing
what you need to do.
>> JAY: And this took place on
the Cabal's base on the moon
that they had gotten
from the Germans?
>> RICE: That's correct.
>> JAY: And what
was the base like?
What was, just like, the
buildings like and what was it?
>> RICE: Well, it
was underground.
And the one that
I was going into,
when I wasn't in the underground
base, I was on board a ship.
They believed in
train like you fight.
So most of the
training that we--
took place and took part in
was on board a training ship
that they used for this purpose.
>> JAY: Not on the moon?
>> RICE: Not on the
moon surface itself.
>> JAY: What were
these ships like?
>> RICE: Cramped.
It's about like being
on board a US Navy ship.
And you go and it's not much
room getting through a door.
There are bulkheads all over the
place from safety perspective,
so they can seal off
different parts of the ship.
>> JAY: When you were
training on the moon,
you were still under the
auspices of these Germans
in command?
>> RICE: Yes.
>> JAY: I see.
>> RICE: Still
under their command,
still under their
control and their rules.
And some of the moon
training included orientation
to microgravity operations,
getting more familiarized
with our battle suits,
our combat suits.
>> JAY: How long did it take
you to go from the Earth
to the moon?
>> RICE: Minutes.
>> JAY: Minutes?
>> RICE: If that.
>> JAY: Here's a section
from that hypnosis session.
>> GEORGINA CANNON: Tell
me about your first move
as a group to another
planet, which one it was.
>> RICE: The first
move was to the moon.
It was all by shuttle.
>> CANNON: From where?
>> RICE: From Area 51.
I thought-- [CHUCKLING]
We transitioned
from the underground
base to Area 51.
That was our departure
point, the Nevada desert.
>> CANNON: Mhm.
>> RICE: We flew from there
by shuttle up to the Lunar
Operations Command, where
our next training began.
And we stayed there
for six months learning
about microgravity,
learning about pros and cons
to each of the systems.
>> CANNON: Was this taking
place in a classroom?
>> RICE: Sometimes.
>> CANNON: Where else
was it taking place?
>> RICE: They also had
us on ships in space.
>> CANNON: Oh, in space, OK.
What did they look like?
>> RICE: Triangular, large,
smooth sides, wedge--
almost wedge shaped.
These were huge.
>> CANNON: OK.
>> RICE: Big.
>> RICE: There were only
about 20 something of us left.
>> CANNON: How many?
>> RICE: 26 out of the 34.
Not all of them died though.
>> JAY: So after you got
done training on the moon,
you went to Mars and trained?
>> RICE: It was more of
interface between ship
to ground.
So it was incorporating the
prior two training bases
into the new one, which
involved departing the ship,
how do you do combat drops,
what you do for a combat drop,
where you go, the different
aspects to getting out
of the shuttle or jumping
out of the shuttle
or coming down on the
gliders that we used
or the anti-grav packs for
shooting out, basically.
>> JAY: Wow, crazy.
So what was the
base on Mars like?
>> RICE: Again, most of the
time on Mars that I spent was
on board a ship.
I saw entrances to facilities
and that's about all
I was able to see.
Most of the other time, we
were out in the boonies.
>> JAY: What was it like
being on the surface of Mars?
>> RICE: It's about like walking
through a desert with rocks
and canyons, and there's an
otherworldly presence to it,
what looked like washouts, but
are depressions in the surface.
>> JAY: Could you
breathe the air?
>> RICE: We didn't.
>> JAY: You didn't?
You had helmets that had--
>> RICE: We didn't.
Yeah.
>> JAY: Just makes it easier.
Could you take your
helmet off and breathe?
>> RICE: We were told
never to, so we didn't.
>> JAY: Were there other
alien groups on Mars?
>> RICE: From what I
understand, there were,
but I never saw them.
>> JAY: Were they fighting or
any kind of fighting going on?
>> RICE: Mm-mm.
>> JAY: None, never?
Everybody lived in peace?
>> RICE: Everybody co-existed.
Whether it was peaceful
or not, I never saw it.
We were always out
in a training area.
>> JAY: Do you know where
they got their water?
>> RICE: They recycled a
lot of the waste and used it
for water.
I understand that
some of the water
came from the locked up
ice that was part of Mars.
But a lot of the
supplies that we used
were recycled materials.
>> JAY: You spent how much
time on Mars training?
>> RICE: Four months.
>> JAY: Four months.
Again, we'll take a look
at your hypnosis session.
>> CANNON: Tell me about the
time that you went to another
planet.
What did you do?
You mentioned Mars before.
>> RICE: Yes.
I went to Mars after the moon.
>> CANNON: After the moon?
>> RICE: To do more
zero gravity training,
microgravity training,
to do more ship ops,
to be able to do more--
more ground ops.
>> CANNON: What did the people
look like on Mars, the beings?
>> RICE: I only saw humans.
And we were kept isolated.
>> CANNON: Oh, OK.
>> RICE: The Germans had
two bases, two cities there.
>> CANNON: Germans
had two bases?
>> RICE: They were
cities, really big ones.
>> CANNON: What were
the Germans doing there?
>> RICE: Living.
>> CANNON: Are these above
ground or underground,
these bases?
>> RICE: Underground.
>> CANNON: Underground.
>> RICE: New Berlin,
New Wurzburg.
>> CANNON: What's above ground,
if the bases were underground?
>> RICE: Radiation
shielding, dirt, rock.
They have-- they have entrances
that reach the surface.
And they do have
some structures,
but they're mostly mechanical.
>> CANNON: So where did
the inhabitants live?
>> RICE: Below ground.
Base is carved out of the rock.
>> JAY: What did Johann tell
you about the Mars base,
if anything?
>> RICE: He didn't
tell me much at all.
And part of that, I think, is
some of his own programming
that he's not
allowed to talk about
because they very closely
guard any information about New
Berlin or New Wurzburg.
>> JAY: Those are the
titles of the cities?
>> RICE: Those are
the two cities.
My unit was the
3rd Panzer Division
and they were referred
to as the Berlin Bears.
When they started their own
military force, the Mars
Germans, they took
over, inherited,
copied a lot of the
original World War II German
units, insignia, symbols,
including their uniforms.
Unfortunately, our dress
uniform, one of them,
looked just like the
black SS uniform.
And the Americans
wouldn't wear them
unless they were ordered to.
>> JAY: You spent how much
time on Mars training?
>> RICE: Four months.
>> JAY: Four months.
And at the end, you
were finally deployed?
>> RICE: At the end of that,
I was finally deployed.
>> JAY: Anything about Mars that
you can remember that we need
to know?
>> RICE: It's occupied and
there are more than just humans
there.
The Mars Germans have about
three million citizens
that live on Mars, from
what Johann was telling me.
That could be
disinformation because he
was unable to talk
about a lot of things.
And so the fact that he would
be able to tell me that number,
I have some suspect to that.
>> JAY: Is it possible that
there is ongoing interactions
of a military kind in space
between the Cabal and these
Martian Germans?
>> RICE: With 10 of their
carrier groups still being
blockaded out of
our solar system,
it explains a lot about the
Cabal's activities here.
I think that with that many of
their units off on operations,
it has emboldened the Cabal.
I did not know of
and wasn't aware
of active fighting between the
Cabal and the Mars Germans.
And that isn't to say that the
long-term plans of the Mars
Germans aren't to come and try
and exert some type of control
over Earth.
That's originally
where they're from.
>> JAY: Appear to me they're
taking a rear guard action
to build up their offenses
and their weaponry,
and that they're going to come
back here and try to take over
the Earth.
>> RICE: That's possible.
>> JAY: Why wouldn't the
Cabal be very afraid of this?
>> RICE: Well, they were
terrified of the fact that they
had all these battle groups,
these carrier battle groups.
12 was what they had
at the time that they
started sending them out on
exercises, long-term exercises.
And so that was a
huge fear of theirs.
And in fact, had
the Mars Germans not
been required to deploy 10
of their carrier groups,
and we very well could
have been at war with them
because of too many opposing
troops in the same space.
You can be rest assured
that the modern secret space
program includes ground
forces, even though what we've
heard about mostly
has been the space
portion or the spaceships,
or whether it's
Operation Solar Warden or the US
Navy's SSP, or the Air Force's
SSP.
>> JAY: Yeah, let's
talk about that.
How many SSPs are there?
>> RICE: There's a bunch.
>> JAY: Yeah.
>> JAY: And this started
after the 1991 agreement.
Now, after the United States
announced to these world
leaders that we had a
secret space program,
they all began to
want their own.
What countries had secret
space programs and what kind
of alliances were going on?
>> RICE: Well, the US version of
their space program started off
as Operation Solar Warden.
At the time that
we were building
out our original
Operation Solar Warden,
the USSR was also working on
their own secret space program
as well.
Brazil, Russia, India,
China, South Africa, those
are some of the other
countries that have
their own secret space program.
They're not nearly as
large as the US is.
>> JAY: Is there a governing
body to make sure they
don't interfere with each other?
>> RICE: Not necessarily a
formalized program like that.
The one common denominator
would be the Cabal.
The exception to that are the
majority of the BRICs countries
that have their own independent
secret space program.
And they've been able
to group together
into a large enough
force that they
can't be immediately wiped out
by the Cabal's SSP programs.
>> JAY: What I heard was
around this same time period,
the people in the Cabal informed
all the world's leaders that
they had a secret space program.
Is that true or not?
>> RICE: That's
my understanding,
that they had come forward and
come clean because they started
building them up in the '80s.
And the USSR was
well aware of it.
And those with more
intelligence assets
were aware that the US
was doing something.
And even if they didn't
know exactly what it was,
they were able to
identify the differences
between the UFOs
they were seeing
and ones they were
seeing previously.
>> JAY: Makes sense.
>> RICE: Yeah.
>> JAY: And so these other
countries then decided that
they wanted to get in.
Maybe they didn't have the
resources of the United States,
so they combined and
allied with other countries
and other forces, or what?
>> RICE: Yes.
And that's a great
description of what happened.
There are a number of countries,
and families even, that
are wealthy enough that
they wanted and could afford
to either develop their
own, steal their own,
build their own, or acquire
their own space program.
And that included holes,
small ships, small shuttles,
to larger ships.
The other countries
that don't have
as many assets available to
them have bonded and grouped
together.
>> JAY: So we can say that the
military has several different
space programs.
The Air Force has one.
The Navy has one.
We know William
Tompkins has said that.
You are probably,
at least initially,
part of the Navy
one, I would imagine.
I don't know.
>> RICE: That's what I suspect.
>> JAY: Yeah.
And then China has a
secret space program.
>> RICE: Yes.
>> JAY: Russia has a
secret space program.
>> RICE: They're probably
the oldest next to the United
States.
>> JAY: Yeah.
And we know that there
are various alliances,
like the UK and France.
And others have the
secret space program.
Some of the third
world countries
probably don't have
one yet, but they may.
You don't know.
>> RICE: They contribute
personnel to allies' secret
space programs, but they don't
have the resources or budgets
for hiding and stealing a bunch
of money from their own people.
>> JAY: We have several secret
space programs and they're all
competing with each other.
And there must be alliances
and conflicts and things
like that going on, just
like every human endeavor.
>> RICE: That's correct.
They have their own agendas.
A large portion of what's being
referred to as the Alliance
are groups that were either
hunted down or turned
against by the Cabal,
that have bonded
together out of survival.
>> JAY: Let's talk
about the Alliance.
The Alliance is people
within the Cabal
who don't like the Cabal and
don't like what it's doing?
>> RICE: That's correct.
People within, as well
as some of those families
that may not have the
resources, but have
a lot of money, financial
assets that they can use,
that they can then leverage
to help or become a part of
or buy their way into or
assist with the Alliance.
Not all of them are as
pure as the driven snow.
>> JAY: No, they're not.
>> RICE: There's a large
number of them that, again,
were part and parcel to the
Cabal's plans and operations,
and were involved with it and
had as much responsibility
for some of the things that have
happened as some of the Cabal.
But out of their own sense
and need for self-survival,
they joined the Alliance.
Again, it gets back to the
disclosure requirements
that the Cabal has to follow
because of their agreements
with alien societies for
releasing information, as well
as some of their own
ideological beliefs.
Whether it is just a partial
screen, half truths, half lies,
partial disclosures
it's still considered
to be a disclosure on
their part and puts them
in a position of
saying, hey, look,
we've been telling
you this all along.
Do you think it
was just Hollywood
that was making things up?
So that they then
have the ability,
some point down
the road, to claim
that they weren't lying to us.
>> JAY: CYA.
>> RICE: CYA.
They will go to any lengths
to further their agenda
and to protect themselves.
They have, of course,
Admiral Forrestal apparently
locked away in a safe and
secured military hospital, who
allegedly committed suicide.
It was 1949.
He wanted to come out.
That was right when they were
working with the Antarctic
Germans.
President Kennedy--
>> JAY: Forrestal
was Kennedy's mentor.
>> RICE: He was his mentor and
also by all accounts, a very,
very positive individual that
was patriotic and cared about
his country.
>> JAY: Went to Germany in
1945 with JFK to see the German
technology.
>> RICE: Yes.
>> JAY: So he knew.
Then he was thrown out of a
window at Bethesda Hospital.
>> RICE: That's right.
>> JAY: And then
Kennedy died in '63.
What would the world be
like if they would just
release these things that you've
actually encountered and seen,
these technologies?
What would the
world today be like?
>> RICE: Oh, the world today
would go through a renaissance
of new birth, new growth.
People wouldn't have to
work at jobs they hate
and they despise
getting up for, but are
required to because
of safety, security,
caring for their family.
You could get on a
transportation craft
and go anywhere in the
solar system or galaxy.
And say you wanted to go work
on the other side of the Milky
Way.
Well, there's nothing
stopping you from doing that.
No power bills
because every house
would have a shoebox-sized
power generator that
didn't require renewables,
that didn't require
any input, any fossil fuels.
The education technology,
some of the technology
that they used with us
were chair beds that we
would lay on.
And similar to what's been
portrayed in some movies,
you just get a download.
And it's not like
you automatically
can spout something.
It's more of a subtle and
that you can think about, OK,
how am I going to
solve this problem,
and you know the answer.
Whereas before, you didn't
have the German language
in your mind or another
language, or math
or any of the science
related to it.
We wouldn't have to send
our kids to these schools
to be babysat and
to not learn much
in the way of a
public education.
You could sit down
in a chair and learn
anything you wanted to
over the period of an hour.
People wouldn't be going crazy.
There's going to be some
reconciliation required because
of some of the crimes
that have been committed,
but I see these
technologies coming out
as being an opportunity
for humanity
to go through a
renaissance of growth.
That's how I see it, for these
technologies to come out.
>> JAY: You think there is any
chance that this will happen?
>> RICE: Yes, I do.
>> JAY: Well, I'm hopeful too.
>> RICE: I'm very hopeful.
I have complete confidence in
humanity and its resiliency.
And that I see the changes that
we have been seeing, going back
years, but more recently
the exponential changes
that we've been seeing from
people waking up and seeing
the lies that they
are fed a steady diet
of on a regular basis.
And when enough
people wake up, I
think we will see
a lot of change
and then that's when we
can demand full disclosure.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>> All my friends and colleagues
all passed away in January from
that accident.
>> You're the only one left?
>> Correct.
>> There were people in that
room that didn't think it was
going to work.
They were convinced that
we were going to lose
and that we were not going to
be able to save this planet.
>> The ICC is responsible for
this intergalactic slave trade,
unfortunately, that
is still going on.
Over a million people a year
disappear off the planet.
>> Right.
>> That's just in America.
[THEME MUSIC]